Document new WAL errors (#392)
powersync-ja/powersync-docs: configuration/source-db/postgres-maintenance.mdx

Postgres prevents active slots from being dropped. If it does happen (e.g. while a PowerSync instance is disconnected), PowerSync would automatically re-create the slot, and restart replication.

### WAL Slot Invalidation

Postgres can invalidate a replication slot when the amount of retained WAL data exceeds the `max_slot_wal_keep_size` limit. This is most likely to happen during a long-running initial snapshot — PowerSync must hold the slot open while copying your entire dataset, and WAL accumulates throughout that time.

> If the slot is invalidated mid-snapshot, PowerSync detects this early and aborts with error [`PSYNC_S1146`](/debugging/error-codes#psync_s11xx-postgres-replication-issues) rather than continuing a doomed snapshot. The fix is to increase `max_slot_wal_keep_size` on the source database and then redeploy your sync config to trigger a fresh snapshot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the slot is invalidated mid-snapshot, PowerSync detects this early and aborts with error [`PSYNC_S1146`](/debugging/error-codes#psync_s11xx-postgres-replication-issues) rather than continuing a doomed snapshot. The fix is to increase `max_slot_wal_keep_size` on the source database and delete the existing replication slot. PowerSync will automatically create a new slot and restart the snapshot.
```

To check the current `max_slot_wal_keep_size` value:

```sql
SELECT setting AS max_slot_wal_keep_size
FROM pg_settings

> WHERE name = 'max_slot_wal_keep_size';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SHOW max_slot_wal_keep_size
```

Slightly shorter/nicer notation

```
max_slot_wal_keep_size 
------------------------
 1MB
```

vs 

```
setting | unit 
---------+------
 1       | MB
```
